src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:17:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:21:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:21:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:23:	Local variable 'tab' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:24:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:26:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:29:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rand' (lines '29'-'45').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:29:	Local variable 'rand' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:30:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:31:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mytab' (lines '31'-'33').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:33:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mytab' (lines '33'-'33').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:36:	Local variable 'mytab2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:43:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:47:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '49'-'55').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '49'-'68').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tmp' (lines '53'-'53').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tmp' (lines '53'-'59').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:53:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tmp' (lines '53'-'68').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:54:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permut' (lines '54'-'62').
src/main/java/com/myhome/algo/sort/BubbleSort.java:62:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'permut' (lines '62'-'62').
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:17:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:18:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:18:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:19:	Local variable 'cook' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:21:	Local variable 'spicyPizzaBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:26:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'spicy'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:26:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'spicy' (lines '26'-'27').
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/BuildExample.java:26:	Local variable 'spicy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:17:	Avoid short class names like Cook
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like pb
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:20:	Parameter 'pb' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Cook.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:17:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'dough'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:17:	Perhaps 'dough' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:18:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'sauce'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:18:	Perhaps 'sauce' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:19:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'topping'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:19:	Perhaps 'topping' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:21:	Parameter 'dough' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:25:	Parameter 'sauce' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:29:	Parameter 'topping' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/Pizza.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:16:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:33:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:33:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/PizzaBuilder.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/SpicyPizzaBuilder.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/SpicyPizzaBuilder.java:17:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/SpicyPizzaBuilder.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/SpicyPizzaBuilder.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/builder/SpicyPizzaBuilder.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:16:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:17:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:18:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:22:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:23:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:29:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:31:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:31:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like x1
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like x2
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like y1
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like y2
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Parameter 'x1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Parameter 'x2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Parameter 'y1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:36:	Parameter 'y2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:40:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'x'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'y'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:56:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'x1'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'x2'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'y1'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'y2'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like x1
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like x2
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like y1
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like y2
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'x1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'x2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'y1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'y2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/CanvasFactory.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:17:	Avoid short class names like Line
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:24:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:26:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Line.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Point.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Point.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/factory/Point.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/singleton/CanvasFactory.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/singleton/CanvasFactory.java:16:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/creation/singleton/CanvasFactory.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/Circle.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/Circle.java:19:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/Circle.java:21:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/Circle.java:23:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImpl.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImpl.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImpl.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImpl.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImpl.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:20:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:20:	Private field 'c' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:21:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:21:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/designpattern/structure/adapter/CircleImplPointAdapter.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:8:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:13:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:22:	Parameter 'iter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:23:	Local variable 'copy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/CollectionHelper.java:24:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:16:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:19:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DATASOURCE_CONTEXT
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like INVALID_CONNECTION_ERROR
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:31:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:42:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:53:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:54:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'timer' (lines '54'-'80').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:55:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '55'-'67').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'connection' (lines '55'-'80').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:66:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:77:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:86:	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:86:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ConnectionHelper.java:93:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:29:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'log' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:48:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:48:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:48:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:48:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:48:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'asErrors' (lines '49'-'56').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:50:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '50'-'57').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:56:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'asErrors' (lines '56'-'64').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '57'-'65').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:65:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'error' (lines '65'-'70').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:72:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:82:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:82:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:82:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:82:	Parameter 'in' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:82:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:85:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '85'-'86').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:86:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '86'-'90').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:99:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:101:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:106:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:116:	Parameter 'fileFullPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lines' (lines '117'-'122').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:118:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bufferedReader' (lines '118'-'120').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '123'-'124').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:124:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '124'-'133').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/IOUtil.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:18:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:18:	The class 'JdbcUtil' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:18:	The class 'JdbcUtil' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:18:	The class 'JdbcUtil' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:21:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:32:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:47:	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:47:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:48:	Parameter 'metaData' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:49:	Parameter 'schema' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:50:	Parameter 'tableName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:51:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '52'-'54').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:60:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:73:	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:73:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:74:	Parameter 'schema' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:75:	Parameter 'filter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:76:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '77'-'80').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tableName' (lines '81'-'83').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tableName' (lines '81'-'92').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	Parameter 'connection' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	The method 'execute' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	The method 'execute' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	The method 'execute' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	The method execute() has an NPath complexity of 200
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:101:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:102:	Parameter 'procedureName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:103:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:103:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '104'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'resultSet' (lines '105'-'128').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:106:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'statement' (lines '106'-'120').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:109:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:110:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:113:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:115:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/JdbcUtil.java:125:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:19:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:19:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:28:	Parameter 'resource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:29:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '29'-'40').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:39:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:51:	Parameter 'propName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:62:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:62:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:62:	Parameter 'propName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:75:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesHelper.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:33:	Parameter 'resourcePackage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:34:	Parameter 'resourceName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:35:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '35'-'48').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:38:	Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:47:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:60:	Parameter 'propName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:64:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:73:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:73:	Parameter 'params' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/PropertiesUtil.java:73:	Parameter 'propName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:22:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:25:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'log' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:29:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MIME_TYPE_RESOURCE_BUNDLE
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DOWNLOAD_MIME_TYPE
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:48:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:60:	Parameter 'path' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:72:	Parameter 'fileName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:73:	Local variable 'mimeType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:74:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:74:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:74:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:85:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '87'-'91').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:87:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ext' (lines '87'-'95').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mimeType' (lines '88'-'107').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:88:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mimeType' (lines '88'-'109').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:89:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:91:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:98:	Local variable 'types' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:100:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'type' (lines '100'-'102').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:102:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:103:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:104:	There is log block not surrounded by if
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:106:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:107:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:109:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:114:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:124:	Parameter 'classLoader' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:124:	Parameter 'pictureName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:125:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:126:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'data' (lines '126'-'132').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:130:	Local variable 'bas' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:147:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:147:	Parameter 'pictureFile' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:149:	Local variable 'output' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:156:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:213:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:229:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:229:	Parameter 'max' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:229:	Parameter 'min' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:230:	Parameter 'maxSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:230:	Parameter 'minSize' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:231:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'image' (lines '231'-'240').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:231:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'image' (lines '231'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:232:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'width' (lines '232'-'242').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:232:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'width' (lines '232'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:233:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'height' (lines '233'-'243').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:233:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'height' (lines '233'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:234:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '234'-'237').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:234:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '234'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:237:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '237'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:238:	Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:242:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'width' (lines '242'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:242:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:243:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'height' (lines '243'-'258').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:243:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:246:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:254:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:260:	Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:260:	Parameter 'is' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:260:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:263:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '263'-'267').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:269:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '269'-'278').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:271:	Local variable 'bos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:273:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:273:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:273:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '273'-'278').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:274:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:275:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:288:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:289:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'extension' (lines '289'-'293').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:291:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '291'-'292').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:292:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:292:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '292'-'297').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:292:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:292:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:307:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'filename'
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:310:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '310'-'311').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:311:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:311:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '311'-'316').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:311:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:311:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:318:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:328:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'filename'
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:328:	Parameter 'limit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:330:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:331:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:334:	Local variable 'extension' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:335:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '335'-'340').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:336:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/ResourceUtils.java:340:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:9:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:23:	Parameter 'ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:24:	Local variable 'listeIds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:29:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:30:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:41:	Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:41:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:41:	Parameter 'Ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:41:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Ids' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:43:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:45:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:46:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:47:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:50:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:52:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:61:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:61:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:61:	Parameter 'Ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:61:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Ids' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:65:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:66:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:67:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:70:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:72:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:81:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:81:	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:81:	Parameter 'Ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:81:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Ids' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:85:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:86:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:87:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:88:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:89:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:92:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:94:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:104:	Parameter 'Ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:104:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'Ids' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:106:	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:108:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:109:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:110:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:111:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:112:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:115:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/SQLQueryUtils.java:117:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=98, ATFD=31, TCC=0.0)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:15:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:15:	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:15:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:34:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:35:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:46:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:47:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:54:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:62:	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:64:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:65:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:73:	Parameter 'regex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:73:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:82:	Parameter 'part' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:82:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:90:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:91:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '91'-'101').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:92:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'chars' (lines '92'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:92:	Local variable 'chars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '93'-'105').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:93:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '93'-'98').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:93:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '93'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:95:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '95'-'95').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '95'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:95:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:100:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '101'-'101').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '105'-'105').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:105:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '105'-'98').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:105:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '105'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:115:	Parameter 'exp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:115:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:117:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parts' (lines '117'-'120').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:118:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:118:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '118'-'123').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:120:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parts' (lines '120'-'120').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:129:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:131:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:131:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:132:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:132:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:141:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:143:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:144:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:144:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:153:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:155:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:156:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:156:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:165:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:166:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:166:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:166:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:174:	Parameter 'date' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:174:	Parameter 'format' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:177:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:177:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:179:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:179:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:188:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:189:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '189'-'190').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:190:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:191:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:202:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:204:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:204:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:210:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:221:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:221:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:221:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:223:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '223'-'231').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:225:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:226:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:227:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:228:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:228:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:228:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:228:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:231:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:231:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:231:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:231:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:244:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:246:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:248:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:252:	Parameter 'NomFichier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:252:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'NomFichier' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:252:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:253:	Local variable 'tmpFichier' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:255:	Local variable 'posPoint' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:255:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:256:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:257:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:257:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:262:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:274:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'stringToFormat'
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:274:	Parameter 'minLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:275:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:275:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:285:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:297:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:297:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:297:	Parameter 'minLength' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:297:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:300:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:301:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:307:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:308:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retard' (lines '308'-'333').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:312:	Local variable 'calendar1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:316:	Local variable 'date1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:319:	Local variable 'calendar2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:320:	Local variable 'date2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:323:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:326:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:326:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:327:	Local variable 'numberOfDay' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:331:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:333:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'retard' (lines '333'-'333').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:337:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:343:	Parameter 'booleanArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:343:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:361:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStringToBeCleaned
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:361:	Parameter 'pStringToBeCleaned' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:362:	Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:365:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:371:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:373:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:373:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:378:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:381:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:391:	Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:391:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:392:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:392:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:393:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:393:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:396:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:406:	Parameter 'expectedArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:406:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:411:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '411'-'415').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:415:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:415:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:415:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:416:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:416:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:416:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:434:	Parameter 'sapValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '435'-'438').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:435:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '435'-'441').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:437:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:438:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '438'-'441').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:440:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:455:	Parameter 'portalValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:456:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '456'-'459').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:456:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '456'-'462').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:458:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:459:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '459'-'462').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:461:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:476:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:476:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:478:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:492:	Parameter 'yesNo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:493:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:493:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:504:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:504:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:505:	Parameter 'limiter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:507:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:507:	When doing a String.toLowerCase()/toUpperCase() call, use a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:509:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:512:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '512'-'513').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:512:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:514:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:514:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:515:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:518:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:526:	Avoid unused private methods such as 'round(double,int)'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:526:	Avoid variables with short names like dd
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:526:	Parameter 'dd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:526:	Parameter 'decimalPlace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:527:	Local variable 'pow' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:531:	Parameter 'ids' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:531:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:532:	Local variable 'listeIds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:537:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:538:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:552:	Parameter 'elements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:553:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:553:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:556:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:558:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:560:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:573:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:573:	Parameter 'elements' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:574:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:574:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:577:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:579:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:581:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:586:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:596:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:596:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:596:	Parameter 'a' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:596:	Parameter 'b' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/StringUtils.java:608:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:10:	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:18:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:18:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/Timer.java:25:	Parameter 'comment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:29:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:33:	Parameter 'proxyHost' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:33:	Parameter 'urlAsString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:34:	Parameter 'proxyPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:44:	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:47:	Local variable 'httpParameters' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:51:	String.trim().length()==0 is an inefficient way to validate an empty String.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:52:	Local variable 'proxy' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'httpclient' (lines '57'-'60').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:63:	Local variable 'httpget' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:64:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:66:	Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:67:	Local variable 'entity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:70:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '70'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:75:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'decodedString' (lines '75'-'105').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:81:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:85:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:90:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:96:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:97:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:107:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:107:	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '108'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '108'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '108'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:108:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'token' (lines '108'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:108:	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dhc' (lines '113'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dhc' (lines '113'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dhc' (lines '113'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:113:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dhc' (lines '113'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:113:	Local variable 'dhc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:115:	Avoid variables with short names like sc
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '117'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '117'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '117'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:117:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sc' (lines '117'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '119'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '119'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '119'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '119'-'157').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:119:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:121:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:121:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:122:	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:122:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:125:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:125:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:126:	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:126:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:129:	Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:129:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:135:	Local variable 'ssf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:139:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:139:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:140:	Local variable 'ccm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:143:	Avoid variables with short names like hp
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:143:	Local variable 'hp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:145:	Avoid variables with short names like hr
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:145:	Local variable 'hr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:147:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:149:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:152:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:153:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:155:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:159:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:159:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:170:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:171:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:172:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:174:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:176:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:178:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:181:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:185:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:187:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:188:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/URLReaderHelper.java:190:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:17:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:17:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:19:	Parameter 'base' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '21'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '21'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '21'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:21:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '21'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:21:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '22'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '22'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '22'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tm' (lines '22'-'69').
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:22:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:24:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:25:	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:25:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:28:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:29:	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:29:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:32:	Return an empty array rather than null.
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:59:	Local variable 'ssf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:61:	Local variable 'ccm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like sr
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:62:	Local variable 'sr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:64:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:65:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/helper/WebClientDevWrapper.java:66:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:12:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:13:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:13:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'hostPort' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:15:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:15:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'hostIP' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:17:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'socket'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:20:	Private field 'retryDelay' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like ok
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:28:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:32:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:40:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:47:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:62:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:69:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:71:	Avoid variables with short names like th
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:71:	Local variable 'th' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:71:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:71:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:80:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '80'-'87').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:80:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '80'-'107').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:81:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '81'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '81'-'107').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:84:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '84'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '84'-'107').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:87:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:91:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:98:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:101:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:102:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:109:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:110:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:115:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:115:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:115:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Client.java:115:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:9:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:10:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:10:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:12:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'echoSocket' (lines '12'-'17').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '13'-'18').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '14'-'19').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:22:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:23:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:25:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:27:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:30:	Local variable 'stdIn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:34:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:34:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'userInput' (lines '34'-'43').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:41:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/EchoClient.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:12:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:12:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'serverSocket' (lines '13'-'17').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:14:	Local variable 'listening' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:19:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:20:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:23:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:24:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:30:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:31:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'socket'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:31:	Private field 'socket' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:33:	Parameter 'socket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:38:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:41:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:42:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:45:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:46:	Local variable 'kkp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:50:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:50:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '50'-'63').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:53:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:53:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:61:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:66:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:66:	The class 'KnockKnockProtocol' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:66:	The class 'KnockKnockProtocol' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:66:	The class 'KnockKnockProtocol' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:66:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:67:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:69:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:71:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:73:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:75:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:77:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:77:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:79:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'currentJoke'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:79:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:79:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:81:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:81:	Private field 'clues' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:81:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:84:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:84:	Private field 'answers' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:84:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:88:	Parameter 'theInput' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'104').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'107').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'113').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'120').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'92').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'96').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:89:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'theOutput' (lines '89'-'99').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:95:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:112:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:114:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:114:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:115:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KKMultiServer.java:117:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:9:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:10:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:10:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:12:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'kkSocket' (lines '12'-'17').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:13:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '13'-'18').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:14:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '14'-'19').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:22:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:23:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:25:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:27:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:30:	Local variable 'stdIn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:35:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:35:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'fromServer' (lines '35'-'51').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:37:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:37:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:42:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/KnockKnockClient.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:3:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:82:	The class 'LoginMail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 16).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:82:	The class 'LoginMail' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:82:	The class 'LoginMail' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:82:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:82:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:84:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:88:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:88:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:88:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:92:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:92:	Private field 'tracer' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:92:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:94:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:94:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:98:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:98:	Private field 'textArea' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:98:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Field send has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Private field 'cancel' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Private field 'details' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	Private field 'send' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:102:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Private field 'from' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Private field 'host' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Private field 'subject' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	Private field 'to' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:106:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:110:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'y'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:110:	Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:110:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:110:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:112:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:112:	Private field 'pane' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:112:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:114:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:114:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_pane' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:114:	Private field '_pane' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:114:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:116:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:116:	Private field 'scroller' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:116:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:118:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:118:	Private field 'gridBag' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:118:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:130:	Parameter 'comp' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:130:	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:134:	Local variable 'cons' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:150:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:150:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:214:	Local variable 'btnPane' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:270:	Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:270:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:276:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:288:	Local variable 'screen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:290:	Local variable 'mine' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:306:	Avoid variables with short names like on
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:306:	Parameter 'on' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:336:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:340:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:360:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:383:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:387:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:407:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:413:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:417:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:419:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:425:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:439:	Parameter 'evt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:443:	Local variable 'obj' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:445:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:447:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:449:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:451:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:453:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:453:	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:487:	Local variable 'screen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:487:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:489:	Local variable 'mine' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:495:	Use bitwise inversion to invert boolean values
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:505:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:505:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:511:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:521:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:537:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:553:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:553:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'host'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	Rather than using a lot of String arguments, consider using a container object for those values.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	The method 'sendMail' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 16.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	The method 'sendMail' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	The method 'sendMail' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:569:	The method sendMail() has an NPath complexity of 6148
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:575:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:579:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:579:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:581:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:591:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ourselves' (lines '591'-'921').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:594:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:607:	Local variable 'index' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:633:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:635:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:643:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:646:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:648:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:650:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:658:	Use one line for each declaration, it enhances code readability.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:660:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:662:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:662:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:665:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:680:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:683:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:683:	The String literal "\r\n" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 683
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:685:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:689:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:691:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:691:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:691:	The String literal "250" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 691
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:694:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:710:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:712:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:716:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:718:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:718:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:721:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:738:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:740:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:744:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:746:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:746:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:748:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:760:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:762:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:766:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:768:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:768:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:770:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:788:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:790:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:792:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:794:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:796:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:798:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:800:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:802:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:804:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:826:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:830:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:830:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:832:	Local variable 'total' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:832:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:844:	Local variable 'lineElement' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:844:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:846:	Local variable 'start' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:846:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:848:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:856:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:860:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:860:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:860:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:866:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:868:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:876:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:876:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:881:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:883:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:887:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:889:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:889:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:891:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:903:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:909:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:911:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:914:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:923:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:923:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/LoginMail.java:923:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_tabClients' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:11:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for '_nbClients'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:11:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_nbClients' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:13:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:18:	Avoid variables with short names like ss
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:18:	Local variable 'ss' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:21:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:24:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:24:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:24:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:28:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:28:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:34:	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:34:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:50:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:50:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:58:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:58:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:58:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:66:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCServer.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:12:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like _t
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_t' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	Perhaps '_t' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	Private field '_t' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:14:	Avoid variables with short names like _s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:14:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:14:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_s' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:14:	Private field '_s' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:15:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_out' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:15:	Perhaps '_out' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:16:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:16:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_in' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:17:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_blablaServ' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:17:	Private field '_blablaServ' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:19:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for '_numClient'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:19:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_numClient' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:19:	Private field '_numClient' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:24:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:24:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:41:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:41:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:44:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:53:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '53'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:56:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:62:	Local variable 'charCur' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:70:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:72:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:74:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:74:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:76:	Position literals first in String comparisons for EqualsIgnoreCase
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:80:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:85:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:87:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:89:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'message' (lines '89'-'108').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:93:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:93:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:93:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:99:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:105:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/SDCSubscriber.java:105:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:1:	Possible God class (WMC=61, ATFD=17, TCC=0.038461538461538464)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:2:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:38:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:39:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:49:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:49:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:51:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:51:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:56:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 's' (lines '56'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:56:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:63:	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:64:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:66:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:70:	Local variable 'serviceName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:71:	Local variable 'serviceClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:72:	Local variable 'service' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:73:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:77:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:78:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:79:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:82:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:87:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:87:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:87:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:87:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:89:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:89:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:89:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:89:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:91:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:91:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:91:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:91:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:93:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:93:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:93:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:93:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:95:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:95:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:95:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:95:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:102:	Parameter 'logStream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:102:	Parameter 'maxConnections' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:105:	Avoid using java.lang.ThreadGroup; it is not thread safe
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:115:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:115:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:115:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:116:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:117:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:119:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:119:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:123:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:123:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:123:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:131:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:131:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:139:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:139:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:139:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:141:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:141:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:143:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:147:	Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:151:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:162:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:162:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:163:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:163:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:166:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:184:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:185:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:185:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'listen_socket' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:185:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:185:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:187:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:187:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:187:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:189:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:189:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:189:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:191:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'stop'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:191:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:191:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:191:	Use of modifier volatile is not recommended.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:191:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:199:	Parameter 'group' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:199:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:199:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:219:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:219:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:231:	Local variable 'client' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:233:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:233:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:247:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:247:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:247:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:247:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:252:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:259:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:260:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:267:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:267:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:267:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:271:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:273:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:283:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:283:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:283:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:285:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:286:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:290:	Parameter 'max' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:290:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:299:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:299:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:299:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:301:	Local variable 'keys' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:301:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:303:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:304:	Local variable 'listener' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:305:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:313:	Local variable 'conns' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:315:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:315:	Ensure that resources like this Connection object are closed after use
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:315:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:316:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:317:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:318:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:319:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:320:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:332:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:333:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:333:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:333:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:335:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:335:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:335:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:344:	Parameter 'client' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:344:	Parameter 'service' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:352:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:365:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:365:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:366:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:376:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:397:	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:397:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:397:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:397:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:397:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:404:	Avoid short class names like Time
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:405:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:405:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:405:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:405:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:405:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:406:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:420:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:420:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:420:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:420:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:420:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:421:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:421:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:422:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:429:	Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:430:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:430:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:430:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:430:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:432:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:432:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:433:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:447:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:447:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:447:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:447:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:447:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:448:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:448:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:449:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:450:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:451:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:453:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:453:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '453'-'460').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:453:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:454:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:454:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:456:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:458:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:459:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:470:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'id'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:470:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:470:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:470:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:472:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:472:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:476:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:476:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:476:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:476:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:476:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:477:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:484:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:501:	The class 'Control' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:501:	The class 'Control' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:501:	The class 'Control' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 19).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:502:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:502:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:502:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:504:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:504:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:504:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:506:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'connected'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:506:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:506:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:506:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:515:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:515:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	The method 'serve' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	The method 'serve' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:526:	The method 'serve' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 19.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:528:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:528:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:528:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '528'-'632').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:528:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:529:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:530:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:532:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:532:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorized' (lines '532'-'566').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:532:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'authorized' (lines '532'-'632').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:539:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:540:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:543:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:548:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:549:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:550:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:551:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:555:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:555:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:555:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:556:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:556:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:559:	Local variable 'command' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:559:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:562:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:562:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:563:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:563:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:563:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:564:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:565:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:566:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorized' (lines '566'-'566').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:566:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'authorized' (lines '566'-'632').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:568:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:568:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:569:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:569:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:571:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:572:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:572:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:572:	The String literal "PASSWORD REQUIRED\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 572
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:577:	Local variable 'serviceName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:577:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:578:	Local variable 'serviceClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:581:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'service' (lines '581'-'632').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:581:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:583:	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:587:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:587:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:590:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:592:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:592:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:593:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:594:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:594:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:596:	Local variable 'port' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:596:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:598:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:600:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:600:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:601:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:602:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:602:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:604:	Local variable 'max' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:604:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:606:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:608:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:608:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:609:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:610:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:610:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:612:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:613:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:613:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:615:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:620:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:620:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:621:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:623:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:623:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:624:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:625:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:630:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Server.java:631:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:13:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:17:	Avoid using implementation types like 'Vector'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:17:	Consider replacing this Vector with the newer java.util.List
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:17:	Use ArrayList instead of Vector
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:28:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:30:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:30:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'client'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:30:	Local variable 'client' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:34:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:35:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:43:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:43:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:49:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:49:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:50:	Private field 'server' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like _t
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_t' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	Private field '_t' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:51:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:52:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:52:	Private field 'socket' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:52:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:54:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:54:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:55:	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:56:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:56:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'from_name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:56:	Private field 'from_name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:56:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:58:	Parameter 'from' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:58:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:62:	Local variable 'source' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:69:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:69:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:69:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:72:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:81:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '81'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:84:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'done'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'done' (lines '84'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:84:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'done' (lines '84'-'95').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:84:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'done' (lines '84'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:93:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:94:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'done' (lines '95'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:95:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'done' (lines '95'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:101:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'outline' (lines '101'-'101').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:101:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'outline' (lines '101'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:101:	Local variable 'outline' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:102:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:104:	Local variable 'person' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:112:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:112:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '112'-'130').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:114:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:114:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:114:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:120:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:126:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/Talker.java:126:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:17:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:22:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_tabClients' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:22:	Private field '_tabClients' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for '_nbClients'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:24:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_nbClients' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:28:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:30:	Perhaps 'serverSocket' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:34:	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:34:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:37:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:37:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:41:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:41:	Parameter 'port' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:49:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:54:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:58:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:60:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:62:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:67:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:73:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:85:	Parameter 'trame' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:85:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:96:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:104:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:104:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:104:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:115:	Avoid prefixing parameters by in, out or inOut. Uses Javadoc to document this behavior.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:115:	Parameter 'out' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:115:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:125:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:132:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:134:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:134:	Private field 'server' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:134:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:136:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:136:	Private field 'current' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:136:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:136:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:138:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:138:	Private field 'socket' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:138:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:141:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:144:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:144:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:147:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'numClient'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:147:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:147:	Private field 'numClient' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:149:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:149:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'from_name' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:149:	Private field 'from_name' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:149:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:151:	Parameter 'server' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:151:	Parameter 'socket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:151:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:161:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:161:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:164:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:168:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:170:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:175:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'line'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:176:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:176:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:176:	Avoid empty while statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:176:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '176'-'201').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:179:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:180:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:180:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:187:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:196:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:197:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:204:	Parameter 'serverPort' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:204:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/clientserver/TcpServerSocket.java:208:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/GetSubListOfJavaArrayListExample.java:4:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/GetSubListOfJavaArrayListExample.java:19:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/GetSubListOfJavaArrayListExample.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/GetSubListOfJavaArrayListExample.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/GetSubListOfJavaArrayListExample.java:44:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'BATCH_SIZE' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'BATCH_SIZE' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:10:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:20:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:20:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:22:	Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like t2
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:23:	Local variable 't2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:24:	Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:27:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:30:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:31:	Local variable 'd1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:33:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startIndex' (lines '33'-'49').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:34:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:40:	Local variable 'subList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:43:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:44:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'startIndex' (lines '44'-'49').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:51:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'sub' (lines '51'-'56').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:51:	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:52:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like d1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:53:	Local variable 'd1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:54:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:54:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:55:	Local variable 'sub' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/SubList.java:56:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:17:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:22:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '22'-'37').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '22'-'52').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:22:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'key' (lines '22'-'45').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:22:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:36:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:44:	Local variable 'key' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:51:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/TestCollection.java:54:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:2:	Avoid short class names like Foo
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:2:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:3:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:3:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:3:	Private field 'i' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:3:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:4:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:4:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:4:	Private field 's' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:6:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:6:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:6:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:11:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:13:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:17:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:20:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:21:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:24:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:24:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:25:	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:27:	Local variable 'intComparison' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:28:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/Foo.java:29:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:22:	Parameter 'report0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:22:	Parameter 'report1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:24:	Local variable 'date0' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:25:	Local variable 'date1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:27:	Local variable 'dateComp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:33:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:33:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:35:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:36:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:39:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportComparator.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:10:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:10:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like serialVersionUString
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:16:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'serialVersionUString'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'serialVersionUString' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:37:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:52:	Parameter 'uploadedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:67:	Parameter 'uploadedBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:82:	Parameter 'moduleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:97:	Parameter 'customerCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:112:	Parameter 'nodeString' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:116:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:120:	Parameter 'nodeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/ReportVO.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:21:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:23:	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'filename'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:26:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '26'-'27').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:27:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:27:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '27'-'33').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:27:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:27:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:28:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:39:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:39:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'r' (lines '39'-'58').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:39:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:41:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:43:	Local variable 'reports' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:47:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:47:	Avoid variables with short names like vo
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:47:	Local variable 'vo' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:49:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:54:	Local variable 'comp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:57:	Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/comparable/TestReportComparator.java:58:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:11:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:12:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:14:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:14:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:15:	Local variable 'associations' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:46:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:46:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:48:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:51:	Local variable 'associationsR' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:53:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:56:	Local variable 'associationsA' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:58:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:61:	Local variable 'article' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:62:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:63:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:67:	Local variable 'selectInf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:69:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:71:	Local variable 'selectSup' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:75:	Parameter 'assoc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:76:	Local variable 'ensemble' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:77:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'taille'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:77:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taille' (lines '77'-'83').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:77:	Local variable 'taille' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:78:	Local variable 'iterateur' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:80:	Local variable 'o' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CollectionSortedMap.java:81:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:8:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:8:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:9:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:11:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:11:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:11:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:11:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:12:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompAnnee.java:12:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:8:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:8:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:8:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:9:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/CompRealisateur.java:11:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:15:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:15:	Parameter 'infos' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:19:	Parameter 'realisateur' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:19:	Parameter 'titre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:20:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:20:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:20:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:23:	Parameter 'annee' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:23:	Parameter 'realisateur' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:23:	Parameter 'titre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:27:	Parameter 'annee' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:27:	Parameter 'realisateur' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:27:	Parameter 'titre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:28:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:29:	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:47:	Parameter 'titre' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:51:	Parameter 'realisateur' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:55:	Parameter 'annee' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:63:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:64:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:65:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:66:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:72:	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like v
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:75:	Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:77:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:77:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:77:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'comparaison' (lines '77'-'79').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:78:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:78:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:79:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:79:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:79:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'comparaison' (lines '79'-'84').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:80:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:80:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:82:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:82:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:82:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:82:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:83:	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:86:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:87:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:88:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:89:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:90:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/collection/treesortedmapcomparator/Video.java:91:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:20:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:22:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:22:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:23:	Local variable 'sdf1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:23:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:25:	Local variable 'date' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:26:	Local variable 'sdf2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:26:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:27:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:28:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/TestSimpletDate.java:28:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:21:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:23:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:23:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '25'-'29').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:27:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:27:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:31:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:33:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:33:	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 43 characters appended.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:34:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single combined String.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:34:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:37:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:42:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:43:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:45:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:49:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:49:	Parameter 'dateSql1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:49:	Parameter 'dateSql2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:50:	Local variable 'sdf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:50:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:51:	Local variable 'date1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:52:	Local variable 'gc1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:54:	Local variable 'date2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:55:	Local variable 'gc2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gap' (lines '57'-'59').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/date/UseDateFormatter.java:59:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'gap' (lines '59'-'59').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:21:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:30:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:30:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:31:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:43:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:43:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:44:	Local variable 'strlen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'array' (lines '46'-'58').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:46:	Local variable 'array' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:49:	Local variable 'endIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:68:	Parameter 'data' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:68:	Parameter 'length' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:69:	Local variable 'strlen' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:71:	Local variable 'array' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:74:	Local variable 'endIndex' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:75:	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:75:	Local variable 'buffer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:92:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:101:	Parameter 'itStrm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:103:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buffer' (lines '103'-'105').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:104:	Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:117:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:118:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:119:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:120:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:121:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:134:	Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:136:	Local variable 'myFormatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:137:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'size' (lines '137'-'142').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unit' (lines '138'-'144').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unit' (lines '138'-'147').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:138:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unit' (lines '138'-'150').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:143:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:145:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:148:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:154:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:160:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:174:	Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:175:	Local variable 'newname' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:176:	Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:176:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:178:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'out' (lines '178'-'181').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:183:	Local variable 'buf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:185:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:185:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:185:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'len' (lines '185'-'209').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:186:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:189:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:189:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:195:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:195:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:201:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:203:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:203:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:208:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:211:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:221:	Parameter 'resourcePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:223:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:223:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:224:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:226:	Local variable 'part' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:227:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:227:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'length' (lines '227'-'232').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:227:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:228:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:230:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:231:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:234:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:243:	Parameter 'stream' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:245:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:245:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:246:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:246:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:247:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '247'-'249').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:249:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:249:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '249'-'255').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:249:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:250:	Avoid concatenating nonliterals in a StringBuffer/StringBuilder constructor or append().
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:250:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:253:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/InputstreamToByteArray.java:254:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'defsel'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:24:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:25:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:25:	Parameter 'def' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:29:	Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:33:	Local variable 'protocol' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:34:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:35:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:36:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:36:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:38:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:40:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:41:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:43:	Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like sa
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:50:	Parameter 'ioe' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:50:	Parameter 'sa' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:50:	Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:64:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:64:	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:64:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/MyProxySelector.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:11:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'lastName'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:13:	Avoid unused private fields such as 'firstName'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:15:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:15:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'f' (lines '15'-'23').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:15:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:18:	Local variable 'fields' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:20:	Local variable 'f' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/Person.java:23:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.ByteOrder'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.nio.CharBuffer'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Random'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:7:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:21:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:21:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:26:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:26:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:29:	Local variable 'bytes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '30'-'34').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:34:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'buf' (lines '34'-'37').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:40:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'capacity'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:40:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'capacity' (lines '40'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:40:	Local variable 'capacity' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:43:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'b'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:43:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '43'-'49').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:49:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '49'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:52:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'pos'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pos' (lines '52'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:52:	Local variable 'pos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:55:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'rem'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:55:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'rem' (lines '55'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:55:	Local variable 'rem' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestByte.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:15:	The class 'TestUrl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:15:	The class 'TestUrl' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:15:	The class 'TestUrl' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 9).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:17:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:17:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:22:	Local variable 'sockaddr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:25:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:26:	Local variable 'yahooConnection' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:27:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:28:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:32:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:35:	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:38:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'delivery_line' (lines '38'-'91').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:38:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'delivery_line' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:39:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'sms_sent_success'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:39:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'sms_sent_success' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:50:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:52:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'sms_sent_success' (lines '52'-'52').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sms_sent_success' (lines '52'-'91').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:53:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:53:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'line' (lines '53'-'59').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:56:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:57:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:59:	Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:63:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:64:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:71:	Local variable 'myUrl' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:72:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like is
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:74:	Local variable 'is' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:76:	Local variable 'binary' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:80:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:85:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/file/inputstream/TestUrl.java:88:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/SaisieErroneeException.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/SaisieErroneeException.java:6:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/SaisieErroneeException.java:9:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/SaisieErroneeException.java:9:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/SaisieErroneeException.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:5:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:8:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:8:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:10:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:10:	Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:11:	Local variable 'j' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:13:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:15:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:16:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:17:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:18:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:19:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:20:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:21:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestException.java:22:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:3:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:3:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:5:	Parameter 'chaine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:5:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:7:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:7:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:7:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:11:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:11:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:12:	Local variable 'chaine1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:13:	Local variable 'chaine2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:18:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:19:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:19:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:24:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:25:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TestSaisieErroneeException.java:25:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:19:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:21:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:21:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:26:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:30:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:32:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/gestion_exception/TryCatchFinallyTest.java:39:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:18:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:20:	Parameter 'attrs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:20:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:22:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:26:	Local variable 'ae' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:27:	Local variable 'attr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:28:	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:31:	Avoid using for statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:31:	Local variable 'e' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:31:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:36:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:41:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:41:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:42:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:42:	Local variable 'env' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:55:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:58:	Local variable 'searchControls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:60:	Local variable 'resultat' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like sr
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:64:	Local variable 'sr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like dn
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:72:	Local variable 'dn' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:75:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'orig'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:75:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'orig' (lines '75'-'96').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:75:	Local variable 'orig' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:79:	Local variable 'attributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:80:	Local variable 'attribut' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:91:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ldap/TestLDAP.java:93:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:7:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:9:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:9:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:9:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:10:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:11:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:14:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:16:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:20:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:24:	Parameter 'expected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:24:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:28:	Parameter 'expectedArray' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:28:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:30:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:30:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '30'-'41').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:32:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:43:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:43:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:43:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:49:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:50:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:50:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:51:	Local variable 'toTrim' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:54:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:55:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:58:	Local variable 'trimEnd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:59:	Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:65:	Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:65:	Parameter 'str' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:70:	Local variable 'len' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:71:	Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:72:	Local variable 'val' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:73:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:76:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:83:	Parameter 'number' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:83:	Parameter 'pathname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:84:	Parameter 'part' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:88:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '88'-'116').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:88:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:89:	Local variable 'filename' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:91:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:92:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '92'-'96').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '94'-'101').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:94:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'name' (lines '94'-'97').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:95:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'extension' (lines '95'-'102').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:96:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:96:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '96'-'116').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:96:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:106:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:108:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:108:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:113:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:113:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:118:	Parameter 'src' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:118:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:119:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:121:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '121'-'127').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:121:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '121'-'136').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:122:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:122:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '122'-'126').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '122'-'136').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'chars' (lines '123'-'136').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:123:	Local variable 'chars' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:124:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'replace' (lines '124'-'136').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:124:	Local variable 'replace' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:127:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:127:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:127:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '127'-'127').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '127'-'136').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:128:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:130:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:133:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:133:	An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:138:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStringToBeCleaned
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:138:	Parameter 'pStringToBeCleaned' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:139:	Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:142:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:150:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:158:	Parameter 'filename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:158:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:159:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'extension' (lines '159'-'164').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:161:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '161'-'163').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:163:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:163:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'index' (lines '163'-'170').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:163:	String.indexOf(char) is faster than String.indexOf(String).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/CleanZero.java:163:	Use opposite operator instead of the logic complement operator.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:13:	Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:13:	This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:16:	Avoid excessively long variable names like forbidCharacterMap
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:16:	Variables that are final and static should be all capitals, 'forbidCharacterMap' is not all capitals.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:24:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:24:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:25:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'car' (lines '25'-'27').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:27:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:34:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:36:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:38:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:43:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:48:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:50:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:52:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:58:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:60:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:62:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:67:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:69:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:71:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:73:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:80:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:82:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:84:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:89:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:94:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:96:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:98:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:104:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:106:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:108:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:113:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:115:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:117:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:131:	Parameter 'chaine' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:132:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:133:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:133:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'MIN' (lines '133'-'146').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:134:	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:134:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'MAX' (lines '134'-'146').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:138:	Local variable 'carVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:140:	Local variable 'newVal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:148:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:148:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:148:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:150:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:151:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:155:	Avoid excessively long variable names like pStringToBeCleaned
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:155:	Parameter 'pStringToBeCleaned' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:155:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:156:	Local variable 'tmp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:159:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:165:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:167:	Avoid appending characters as strings in StringBuffer.append.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:167:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/StringOperation.java:172:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:1:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:24:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:24:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:28:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:28:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:33:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:34:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:36:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'myDate' (lines '36'-'40').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:36:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:37:	Local variable 'formatter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:37:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:41:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'calendar2'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:41:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'calendar2' (lines '41'-'55').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:41:	Local variable 'calendar2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:42:	Local variable 'currentDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:42:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:44:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:46:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:49:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:52:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:57:	Parameter 'theEarlierDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:57:	Parameter 'theLaterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:57:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:57:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:58:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:58:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '58'-'75').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:58:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '58'-'83').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:60:	Local variable 'calendarStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:63:	Local variable 'calendarEnd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:66:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:68:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:72:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:75:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '75'-'75').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:80:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:85:	Parameter 'theEarlierDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:85:	Parameter 'theLaterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:85:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:85:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.util.Date' due to existing import 'java.util.Date'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:86:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:86:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '86'-'104').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:86:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '86'-'112').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:88:	Local variable 'calendarStart' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:91:	Local variable 'calendarEnd' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:94:	Local variable 'diff' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:98:	Local variable 'numberOfDay' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:104:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbOpenedDays' (lines '104'-'104').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:109:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:114:	Parameter 'theEarlierDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:114:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:115:	Parameter 'theLaterDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:116:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '116'-'126').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:118:	Avoid excessively long variable names like MILLISECONDS_PER_DAY
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:119:	Local variable 'aCal' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:121:	Local variable 'aFromOffset' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:123:	Local variable 'aToOffset' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:124:	Local variable 'aDayDiffInMili' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:124:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/regex/string/TestRegex.java:126:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:5:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:7:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:7:	Parameter 'argv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:9:	Local variable 'fichier' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:10:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ois' (lines '10'-'22').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:10:	Local variable 'ois' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:13:	Local variable 'personne' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:14:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:17:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.io.IOException' due to existing import 'java.io.*'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:18:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/DeSerializerPersonne.java:20:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:6:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:9:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:10:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:11:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like nm
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:13:	Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:13:	Parameter 'nm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:23:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:23:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:24:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:26:	Local variable 'house' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:27:	Local variable 'animals' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:31:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:33:	Local variable 'buf1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:34:	Local variable 'o1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:39:	Local variable 'buf2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:40:	Local variable 'o2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:44:	Local variable 'in1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:46:	Local variable 'in2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:49:	Local variable 'animals1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:50:	Local variable 'animals2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:51:	Local variable 'animals3' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:52:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:53:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/MyWorld.java:54:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:2:	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:2:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:3:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:4:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:5:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'taille'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:5:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:7:	Parameter 'nom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:7:	Parameter 'prenom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:7:	Parameter 'taille' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:7:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:17:	Parameter 'nom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:25:	Parameter 'taille' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:33:	Parameter 'prenom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/Personne.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:4:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.ArrayList'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:6:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:8:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:8:	Parameter 'argv' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:8:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:9:	Local variable 'personne' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:10:	Local variable 'personne2' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:14:	Local variable 'fichier' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:15:	Local variable 'oos' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:22:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.io.IOException' due to existing import 'java.io.*'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/serialisation/SerializerPersonne.java:23:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:3:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:52:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:52:	The class 'InstallCert' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:52:	The class 'InstallCert' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:52:	The class 'InstallCert' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 7 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	The method 'main' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	The method 'main' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	The method 'main' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	The method main() has an NPath complexity of 3888
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:54:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:58:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:58:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:58:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:58:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:59:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:59:	Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:60:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'host' (lines '60'-'70').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:61:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'port' (lines '61'-'71').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:62:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:62:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:63:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'passphrase' (lines '63'-'72').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:65:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:75:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:76:	Local variable 'SEP' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:76:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'SEP' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:77:	Local variable 'dir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:80:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:84:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:85:	Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:86:	Avoid variables with short names like ks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:86:	Local variable 'ks' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:90:	Local variable 'context' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:91:	Local variable 'tmf' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:94:	Avoid excessively long variable names like defaultTrustManager
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:94:	Local variable 'defaultTrustManager' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:96:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:96:	Local variable 'tm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:98:	Local variable 'factory' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:100:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:102:	Local variable 'socket' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:105:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:108:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:109:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:111:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:115:	Local variable 'chain' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:117:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:118:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:121:	Local variable 'reader' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:124:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:125:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:126:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:127:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'sha1' (lines '127'-'166').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:127:	Local variable 'sha1' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:128:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'md5' (lines '128'-'166').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:128:	Local variable 'md5' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:130:	Local variable 'cert' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:131:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:133:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:135:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:137:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:138:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:141:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:143:	Local variable 'line' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:144:	Avoid variables with short names like k
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:146:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'k' (lines '146'-'166').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:148:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:152:	Local variable 'cert' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:153:	Local variable 'alias' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:156:	Local variable 'out' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:157:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:160:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:161:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:162:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:163:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:168:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:168:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:170:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:170:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'b' (lines '170'-'173').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:170:	Parameter 'bytes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:171:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:171:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:181:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:183:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:183:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:183:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:185:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:185:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:187:	Avoid variables with short names like tm
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:187:	Parameter 'tm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:191:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:195:	Parameter 'authType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:195:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:195:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:200:	Parameter 'authType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:200:	Parameter 'chain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:200:	The user-supplied array 'chain' is stored directly.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/InstallCert.java:200:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:23:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:24:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:24:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:27:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:27:	Local variable 'env' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:29:	Local variable 'adminName' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:30:	Local variable 'adminPassword' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:31:	Local variable 'ldapURL' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:34:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:36:	Local variable 'keystore' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:54:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:57:	Local variable 'searchCtls' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:60:	Local variable 'returnedAtts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:67:	Local variable 'searchFilter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:70:	Local variable 'searchBase' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:73:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalResults' (lines '73'-'83').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:77:	Local variable 'answer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:81:	Avoid variables with short names like sr
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:81:	Local variable 'sr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:83:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'totalResults' (lines '83'-'83').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:85:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:87:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:88:	Local variable 'attrs' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:91:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:92:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:93:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:96:	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:96:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:97:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:103:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/Searchssl.java:108:	System.err.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:31:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:33:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:37:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'bln' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'socket' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:63:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:63:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:63:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like i1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Avoid variables with short names like ia
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Parameter 'i1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Parameter 'ia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:75:	Avoid variables with short names like ia
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:75:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:75:	Parameter 'ia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like i1
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Avoid variables with short names like ia
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Parameter 'i1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Parameter 'ia' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	Parameter 'ia1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:80:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:85:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:85:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:87:	Consider replacing this Hashtable with the newer java.util.Map
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:87:	Local variable 'env' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:98:	Avoid unused local variables such as 'ctx'.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:98:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '98'-'104').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:98:	Local variable 'ctx' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:101:	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:106:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:106:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:107:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:107:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:112:	Parameter 'string' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:112:	Parameter 'xcs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/ssl/ldap/SelfSignedCertSSLSocketFactory.java:118:	Unnecessary use of fully qualified name 'java.security.cert.X509Certificate' due to existing import 'java.security.cert.X509Certificate'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	Avoid variables with short names like NL
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	Private field 'NL' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'NL' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:10:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:16:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:17:	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:18:	StringBuffer (or StringBuilder).append is called consecutively without reusing the target variable.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:25:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/FlexibleLayout.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:17:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for '_jtextpane'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:17:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_jtextpane' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:19:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_styleNormal' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:20:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:20:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_styleBold' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:21:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_styleRed' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:22:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_styleBlue' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:24:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), '_pl' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:24:	Private field '_pl' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:26:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:27:	Parameter 'j' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:31:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:46:	Parameter 'event' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:46:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:47:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'toLog' (lines '47'-'54').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:47:	Local variable 'toLog' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:49:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:50:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:51:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:56:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:60:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:60:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:64:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:68:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:68:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:72:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:72:	Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:72:	Parameter 'style' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:73:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:73:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:75:	Local variable 'doc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:78:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:78:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/JTextPaneAppender.java:88:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:3:	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.log4j.BasicConfigurator'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:8:	A class which only has private constructors should be final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:10:	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:12:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'init'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:12:	Field init has the same name as a method
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:16:	Parameter 'appender' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:16:	Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:17:	Avoid unnecessary comparisons in boolean expressions
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:25:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:29:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like ex
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:34:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/MainLogger.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:14:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridBagLayout'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:15:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.awt.GridBagConstraints'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:22:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jContentPane'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:24:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jScrollPane'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:24:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:26:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jTextPane'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:28:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jButton'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:30:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jPanel'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:30:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:32:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jButton1'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:34:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jButton2'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:36:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'jButton3'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:65:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:65:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:65:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:66:	Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:67:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:84:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:84:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:84:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:120:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:120:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:120:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:122:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:123:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:142:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:142:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:142:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:160:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:160:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:160:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:171:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:171:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:173:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/appender/TestFrame.java:175:	Local variable 'thisClass' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:8:	Avoid short class names like Guje
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:13:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:13:	Private field 'jep' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like cp
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:16:	Local variable 'cp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:18:	Local variable 'menu' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:21:	Local variable 'menuBar' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:27:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:27:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:28:	Avoid variables with short names like ac
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:28:	Local variable 'ac' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:29:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:29:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:30:	Avoid using if...else statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:30:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:31:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:31:	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:31:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:35:	Local variable 'jfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:36:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:37:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:39:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like br
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:40:	Local variable 'br' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:41:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:41:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '41'-'42').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:42:	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:42:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:42:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '42'-'47').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:42:	Prefer StringBuffer over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:43:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:44:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:50:	Local variable 'jfc' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:51:	Local variable 'result' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:52:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:53:	Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like bw
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:55:	Local variable 'bw' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:59:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:69:	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:70:	Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:75:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:75:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jfilechooser/Guje.java:75:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:21:	Parameter 'checkBox' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:26:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:26:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:28:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:33:	Parameter 'table' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:33:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:34:	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:34:	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:34:	Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:56:	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:64:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:64:	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonEditor.java:64:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:12:	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:12:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:16:	Parameter 'table' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:16:	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:17:	Parameter 'column' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:17:	Parameter 'hasFocus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:17:	Parameter 'isSelected' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/ButtonRenderer.java:17:	Parameter 'row' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:11:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:16:	Avoid variables with short names like dm
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:16:	Local variable 'dm' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:21:	Local variable 'table' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:24:	Local variable 'scroll' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:30:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:30:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:31:	Local variable 'frame' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:33:	Avoid variables with short names like e
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:33:	Parameter 'e' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/swing/jtable/jtablebutton/JButtonTableExample.java:34:	System.exit() should not be used in J2EE/JEE apps
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:7:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:7:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:8:	Private field 'taille' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:9:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'premier'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:10:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'dernier'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:10:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:11:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nombre'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:11:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:12:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:14:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:14:	Use block level rather than method level synchronization
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:16:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:19:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:23:	Call Thread.notifyAll() rather than Thread.notify()
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:27:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:27:	Parameter 'valeur' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:28:	Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:33:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Buffer1.java:35:	Call Thread.notifyAll() rather than Thread.notify()
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:5:	Avoid importing anything from the package java.lang
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:5:	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.lang.Math'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:6:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:7:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:7:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:7:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:8:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:8:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:9:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:9:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:11:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:11:	Parameter 'q' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:13:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:17:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:17:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '17'-'27').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:21:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:24:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:25:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:30:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:31:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:31:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:32:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:32:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:32:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:33:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:34:	Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:34:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:35:	Avoid variables with short names like q
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:35:	Parameter 'q' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:37:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:43:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:46:	Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:47:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:52:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:52:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:53:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:53:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/ProdCons1.java:54:	Local variable 'queue' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:16:	Avoid short class names like Test
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:17:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:17:	If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:17:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:19:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'entry' (lines '19'-'42').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:21:	Local variable 'timer' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:22:	Avoid excessively long variable names like timerTask_updateCache
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:22:	Local variable 'timerTask_updateCache' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:22:	Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'timerTask_updateCache' is not final.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:24:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:26:	This statement may have some unnecessary parentheses
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:26:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:26:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:41:	Local variable 'entry' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:44:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:53:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:53:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/Test.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:11:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:12:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:12:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:12:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:12:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like b
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:13:	Local variable 'b' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:13:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:13:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:19:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:20:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:20:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:20:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:23:	Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:23:	Local variable 'to' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:36:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like to
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:42:	Parameter 'to' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:42:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:44:	Local variable 'iter' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:45:	Local variable 'str' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:46:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '46'-'55').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:52:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '52'-'55').
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:59:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:59:	To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:59:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:66:	System.out.println is used
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:72:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:72:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:74:	Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'balance'
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:74:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:74:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk5/thread/concurrence/MonMain.java:81:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:10:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:15:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:15:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:16:	Local variable 'tes' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:19:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/com/myhome/jdk8/LambaExpression.java:19:	System.out.println is used
